How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It was helpful because I can return to the old version of my project before what the update I just do it and find what's the code add cause problems or bugs.

	It was helpful because I can know what the other developers on my team add to the old version to update it.
	
	

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It was helpful because I can know how many times the file has chanaged and who edited it.

    It was helpful because I can know what the updates have happend since the first version.

    It was helpful because I can reuse that files as a reusable part of a big project.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    pros:
    	1. like to document evey logical change to the project.
    	2. chose when the right time of change need to commit.

    cons:
    	1. Thinking what the commit will be (What will write to describe it).
    	2. There is not auto way if I forget to commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because if there are more than one file in relationship, will be a good idea to refer to the change once.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log show me all commits which represents every logical edit or change of files.

    git diff show me the difference between two versions by using the commits id that shown by git log.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    The changes that could break something, I can find it and fix it by using git checkout command.

    I can search for the bug using git log and git checkout untill find the commit that the bug happend with it.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Next Lesson
